Adobe Reader 7.0 -- Browser Plugin HowTo

The browser plugin provided along with the Adobe Reader 7.0 is
used for viewing of PDF files from within the browser.  It is
compliant with the Netscape Gecko API and works with all browsers
which use the Gecko browser engine.  It will enable viewing of
PDFs as full page documents in the browser or within frames
managed by HTML content.

The supported browsers include:
o Mozilla 1.7.3, 1.8
o Netscape 7
o Firefox 1.0



Installing the browser plugin:

An installation script "install_browser_plugin" has been provided
for the purpose of setting up the browser plugin for your browser.

Installation steps:

o Run the script from the prompt as:
  $ cd <install-path>/Browser
  $ ./install_browser_plugin

o It will ask for the Adobe Reader 7.0 install path. Enter the
  installation path or press ENTER to use the default.

o It will then prompt for the installation type:

  - Perform global installation:
    This is used for installing the plugin for a specific browser
    installation. If setup succeeds, then any user accessing that
    browser will be able to view PDFs inside the browser itself.
    This is done by copying the necessary files to the "plugins"
    folder in the browser installation path. Please make sure the
    user running the script has write permission to the location
    where the browser is installed.

  - Perform user-specific installation:
    This has been tested to work for Mozilla, Firefox and Netscape
    and enables only a particular user to be able to view PDFs
    inside any of the browsers stated above.  This is done by
    copying the necessary files to $HOME/.mozilla/plugins folder.

o If you are unable to install the plugin for your browser by any
  of the above mentioned mechanisms, you might need to refer to the
  browser documentation for ways of adding a new plugin.

o After the installation succeeds, please make sure that the
  acroread startup script is in the PATH environment variable.



For queries or more information, please visit us at www.adobe.com

Copyright (c) 2005, Adobe Systems Incorporated
All Rights Reserved
